Sir, go and see your child
Mommy said he came here, why is he nowhere to be seen?
Why don't we look for it again?
No, mommy is in danger, hey
Stop struggling
This is Miss Lily's private villa
Even Xi Shao doesn't know such a place
You can't escape
Qianjun is illegal
You're about to let me go
It's at this juncture
How dare you yell at me
I think you want to die
What exactly do you want to do?
I just want to see my private newspaper
He was my own flesh and blood.
Just let me take a look at him
Since you begged me
Director Li, don't worry.
Your child is fine.
Just waiting to die
Four treasures, my four treasures, what happened to him?
He's been unconscious for three days.
Just one last breath left
Xia Zhu
You say
How many hours does he have left to live?
Sayuri
Hahaha, you promised to treat him.
Why don't you get him a doctor?
Haha, you left him there.
Haha, he's still so young.
Are you still human?
I told you not to yell at me
You delivered him to me
He has been reduced to what he is today
It's all thanks to you
By your hand
you
Killed your own daughter
King
Don't be so upset
I am a good person to the end
I let you die with your daughter
So you can have a companion on Huangquan Road
Ahahahaha
What do you want?
Hahahahahaha
Ah!